# Brain-Connectivity-Analysis-for-Emotion

Emotion processing and regulation plays a vital role in the human mental and physical well-being. Neuroimaging studies have examined the neural mechanisms involved in using task functional magnetic resonance imaging (ts-fMRI) during emotion processing. However, few studies have investigated the brain functional basis at the region of interest (ROI) and network level using only negative and neutral emotion stimuli.

The aim of this current study was to investigate the brain regions and networks involved in negative emotion processing. 339 healthy individuals participated in the experiment by completing an fMRI task of viewing fearful and neutral stimuli. First, we extracted the time series from the fMRI data for all the subjects of the study and went further to compute their individual contrasts of BOLD signals for the two conditions. Next, a linear regression analysis was performed between the contrasts and the brain regions to highlight the specific areas where the mean activity is significantly different between the two conditions during the processing of negative emotions. Lastly, these brain regions were further used to identify the brain networks involved in negative emotion processing.

The results from the ROI analyses revealed a bilateral activation of the fusiform face area(FFC), the ventromedial visual areas and regions in the inferior frontal cortex. In addition, the visual network showed a dominant functional connectivity related to other networks and the fronto-parietal network. 
